REST cleanups (#3255)
status-im/nim-beacon-chain: docs/the_nimbus_book/src/rest-api.md

# REST API

Nimbus exposes a high-performance implementation of the [Beacon Node API](https://ethereum.github.io/beacon-APIs/).

> The API is a `REST` interface accessed via `HTTP`. The API should not, unless protected by additional security layers, be exposed to the public Internet as the API includes multiple endpoints which could open your node to denial-of-service (DoS) attacks through endpoints triggering heavy processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API is a `REST` interface accessed via `HTTP`. The API should not, unless protected by additional security layers, be exposed to the public Internet as the API includes multiple endpoints which could open your node to denial-of-service (DoS) attacks.
```

The API can be used with any conforming consumer, including alternative validator client implementations, explorers and tooling.

## Configuration

> By default, the REST interace is disabled. To enable it, use the `--rest` option when starting the beacon node, then access the API from http://localhost:5052/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the REST interface is disabled. To enable it, start the beacon node with the `--rest` option, then access the API from http://localhost:5052/.

> **Warning:** If you are using a validator client with a Nimbus beacon node, and running a Nimbus version prior to `v1.5.5`,  then you will need to launch the node with the `--subscribe-all-subnets` option enabled.
```
